validation substitution (#105)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/user-settings/authorized-substitutes.rst

Authorized substitutes
======================

Substitutes are user accounts that are authorized to act on behalf of an other user to validate or refuse a ticket or a change.

> The user can choose one or several accounts to delegate the validation task. He may optionnaly limit the date range of the delegation by setting one or both date lmimits.

Author: ```suggestion
The user can choose one or more accounts to delegate the validation task to. He may optionnaly limit the date range of the delegation by setting one or both date limits.
```

I think we cannot replace "he" with "they" because it refers to the user at the beginning of the 1st sentence.

> The user can choose one or several accounts to delegate the validation task. He may optionnaly limit the date range of the delegation by setting one or both date lmimits.

Reviewer: "They" can refer to a multiple people or it can also be used to refer to a single person.

Without getting too politically correct, in English we tend to default to gender neutral language when it is not known as opposed to French which seems like it defaults to masculine forms of words.

> The user can choose one or several accounts to delegate the validation task. He may optionnaly limit the date range of the delegation by setting one or both date lmimits.

Author: OK, Understood.

> The user may be also a delegatee of an other user. In this case, he will be see in a table his delegators and the date range of each delegation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user may also be a delegatee of another user. In this case, they will see a table of their delegators and the date range of each delegation.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The user may also be a delegatee of another user. In this case, he will see  a table of his delegators and the date range of each delegation." 
```

Again, i don't think that "he should be replaced with "they" for the same reason. If there is an ambiguity, then i should find an other way to describe the features.
